well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today uh we're going to talk about
speaking the language of the people that
you're trying to reach
and uh framing things in a way that
appeals to them because a lot of times
when a golden opportunity presents
itself
we don't do that we don't do that we
try to make our points
in a way that would appeal to us
we're not trying to appeal to us if
if those points would work they would
already think like us
right and we're going to do all of this
and talk
about falling well
every once in a while pretty regularly
a person from the
conservative movement falls
something happens the family values
party does not live up to its name
this happens pretty often
when it does especially if that person
is uh has made their
points in a religious framing
when that happens we often point to the
hypocrisy
because that's what uh that's what shook
a lot of us loose
we see the hypocrisy we're like hey
that's wrong
but see the thing is those people
the the people who are powerful within
that community
who have trained those who follow them
to kick down
they already have a defense for that and
that when you point out
that hypocrisy you're helping them build
their brand
you're helping them push the
conversation
where they want it to be
don't believe me
let's say hypothetically there was a
well-known
religious pundit who got caught up
in a lifestyle that was just outside of
the norm
not to say that outside of the norm is
bad
it's just outside of the norm what
people typically do
when news breaks the hypocrisy
charge gets leveled and he already won
he won because yeah he's got to lay low
for a little while but then he comes
back
it says you know
who among us hasn't fallen prey
to the practice that was warned about
all those years ago
and failed to remove the plank from
their own eye
before pointing out the speck in their
brothers
i failed in that regard and it
i was led astray by the root of all evil
i was enticed
by money see i had
to be around all of those elites
those people with money because i was
trying to get the word out
and i was around those hollywood
liberals
and i saw what they did and it corrupted
me
it corrupted me and it was that money
so starting today i'm not going to take
a salary
i'm not going to take any money instead
that money's going to go into a trust
and it's going to be used to uh do good
works
and as somebody who can tell you
firsthand the temptations that money
brings
let me take that burden off of you
send me your money put into that trust
and the right back to where they started
because that trust is administered by
their
attorney
that's not the route to go because that
hypocrisy
and they've got that down they know how
to deal with that they know how to spend
that
they can turn that against their
cultural
enemies those they have set up as the
opposition
and they can keep marginalizing people
which at the end of the day that's his
real transgression
most times when you're talking about one
of these people
that's their real transgression
the hypocrisy it is what it is
you know there are a whole lot of people
who are born into a system or society or
cultural group
and they can't be who they are
reinforcing that idea doesn't seem wise
to me
when they're found out
all with all the outrage does
is remind them that well if that's the
way you are
you better keep it a secret
not really healthy but the real
transgression
is marginalizing people and that's the
language that should be used
the failure of most people like this is
not the hypocrisy
it's that they didn't love their
neighbor as themselves
because they couldn't love themselves
because they couldn't be open about who
they were
that's the route to go
because if that's the framing when
something like this happens
their only way out of it
is to uh stop leading the charge to
marginalize people
stop uh stop pushing
others to kick down and not love their
neighbor
if you just frame it as hypocrisy they
can spend that and they'll come back
more power more money than they ever had
before they failed to love their
neighbor
and that's the real problem everywhere
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day